Script:
Broadcast:
	- Race begins
		○ "AN ANCIENT POWER STIRS. THE RACE FOR THE COBALT ASCENSION HAS BEGUN."
	- Player enters race
		○ "Player <player_name> has entered the race for the cobalt ascension."
Story Line:
Lines marked with the name of a merchant (i.e.: Treasure Hunter) should be sent when interacting with the respective merchant. Lines marked with "to player" are atmospheric messages that should be sent in black/grey italics
Step 1: Global broadcast triggers above
Step 2:
	- After filling the orb:
		○ (to player, and in orb description) The orb shimmers with archaic runes. You may be able to find someone to help you decipher them. 
Step 3:
	- When talking with Treasure Hunter with the filled orb in the players inventory
		○ (Treasure Hunter. Line 1) "Oh! That orb. I've seen that script somewhere before."
		○ If the merchant is NOT housed:
			§ (R:Treasure Hunter. Line 2) "If I had the proper facilities I could search my archives for it."
		○ If the merchant IS housed:
			§ (Treasure Hunter. Line 2) "Ahh, here it is. An old parchment with the same script. It was donated to me by a trainer exploring in the oceans to the for North East."
		○ If the player does NOT have a pokemon with dive in their party:
			§ (R:Treasure Hunter. Line 3) "At the moment I don't think you could enter the temple. You'd need a Pokemon that could help you enter."
		○ If the player does have a pokemon with dive in their party:
			§ (Treasure Hunter. Line 3) Wonderful, your <pokemon_in_party_w/dive> can help you enter the temple!"
(Treasure Hunter. Line 4) "Here, take this map to the temple near where the parchment was found, you may be able to find a way to decipher them. I'll send my assistant to the temple to meet you there"
		○ If the player does NOT have a pokemon with Teleport in their party:
			§ (R:Treasure Hunter. Line 5) "It's quite the journey, maybe a Pokemon could help you get there faster."
		○ If the player does have a pokemon with teleport in their party:
			§ (R:Treasure Hunter. Line 5) "It's quite the journey, lucky for you your <pokemon_with_teleport> can teleport you right there!"
(To player. Text should be clickable and will teleport the player to cords configurable in a datapack) "Teleport to temple?"
	- When talking with the Treasure Hunter version at the temple:
		○ (Treasure Hunter's assistant, Line 1) "You made it! Long trek eh?"
(Treasure Hunter's assistant, Line 2) "That temple is messy business, you may want to set your spawn somewhere in case you end up sleeping with the fishes."
		○ If the player does NOT have a pokemon with dive in their party:
			§ (R:Treasure Hunter's assistant, Line 3) "Bold of you to brave the temple without the help of your pokemon. To each their own, best of luck!"
		○ If the player does have a pokemon with dive in their party:
			§ (R:Treasure Hunter's assistant, Line 3) "It looks like you're all set to face the temple! Your <pokemon_with_dive> will be helping you out."
(Ding sound and 30 min of water breathing given. To player) "Return to the Treasure Hunter near the temple to refresh this effect"
	- When talking with the treasure hunter version at the temple with the Tablet in the players inventory:
		○ (Treasure Hunter's assistant, Line 4) "You actually did it! I thought I'd never see you again."
(R:Treasure Hunter, Line 5) "Now that our celebrations are over, it's time for you to return home. Bring this tablet to the Treasure Hunter in his studies."
		○ If the player has a pokemon with teleport:
			§ (R:Treasure Hunter's assistant, Line 6) "Lovely, you brought your <pokemon_with_teleport> with you. They'll help you get home in a jiffy!"
(To player. Text should be clickable and will teleport the player to cords configurable in a datapack) "Teleport to Treasure Hunters Studies?"

Step 4:
	- When talking to the treasure hunter back at his studies with the tablet:
		○ (Treasure Hunter, Line 1) "Welcome back! Now let's take a look at that tablet. Please show it to me"
		○ When the player is holding the tablet in their hand:
			§ (Treasure Hunter, Line 2) "Hmmmm, I can't quite make out the figures. Try to find a way to brighten up the text."
		○ When the player is holding the glowing tablet in their hand:
(Treasure Hunter, Line 3) "That's so much better! I see, this is the translation cipher for the archaic script, it matches up perfectly with my parchment."
(Treasure Hunter, Line 4) "Here, take the old parchment, it may help you figure out the secrets of your orb."
(R:Treasure Hunter, Line 5) "I've done all I can to help you, the rest is up to you <3."

